https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13133 (#6890)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: apis/policy.json.adoc

  },
  "spec": {
    "remediationAction": "enforce",
    "customMessage": 
      "compliance": []
      "noncompliant": []

>     "namespaces": 

Reviewer: Seeing this as JSON threw me for a loop :laughing: 

I think adding these will fix what vs code was complaining about, and the bracket added later is not necessary.
```suggestion
    "customMessage": {
      "compliant": [],
      "noncompliant": []
    },
    "namespaces": {
```

      "include": [
        "default"
      ],
      "exclude": [
        "kube*"
      ]

>     },}

Author: in VSC the bracket on line 89 was red, that's why i added this bracket. Not sure if i should've added it though

  },
  "spec": {
    "remediationAction": "enforce",
    "customMessage": {
      "compliant": [],
      "noncompliant": []
    },
    "namespaces": {
      "include": [
        "default"
      ],
      "exclude": [
        "kube*"
      ]

>     },}

Author: ```suggestion
    },
```

|Name|Description|Schema
|*remediationAction* +
__optional__|Value that represents how violations are handled as defined in the resource. | string
|*customMessage* +

> _optional_|Parameter field where you can configure custom messages from your configuration polcies, based on the compliance status. If you do not add a custom message, the default message matches the string variable of the `.DefaultMessage` parameter and `.Policy` object variable of the current state of the policy from the configuration policy controller. If you configured your policy to use the Kubernetes watch request and you define a custom message, the state of each related object is available at the `.Policy.status.relatedObjects[*].object` parameter section of the configuration policy controller.|string

Author: @JustinKuli checking if i understood what you described in the issue. Maybe we can meet on huddle tomorrow to discuss if its incorrect

Reviewer: It seems correct, but it's a complicated field to explain, let's huddle some time to go over it and think about how best to introduce it to users.

Author: Reviewed during live review

|Name|Description|Schema
|*remediationAction* +
__optional__|Value that represents how violations are handled as defined in the resource. | string
|*customMessage* +

> _optional_|Parameter field where you can configure custom messages from your configuration polcies, based on the compliance status. If you do not add a custom message, the default message matches the string variable of the `.DefaultMessage` parameter and `.Policy` object variable of the current state of the policy from the configuration policy controller. If you configured your policy to use the Kubernetes watch request and you define a custom message, the state of each related object is available at the `.Policy.status.relatedObjects[*].object` parameter section of the configuration policy controller.|string

Author: During the live review
```suggestion
_optional_|Parameter field where you can configure custom messages from your configuration policies, based on the compliance status. You can use the default message from the `.DefaultMessage` parameter and `.Policy` object variable of the current state of the policy from the configuration policy controller. The state of each related object is available at the `.Policy.status.relatedObjects[*].object` parameter section of the configuration policy controller. If you set an `evaluationInterval`, only identifiable information is available. |string
```
